well folks 2022 has arguably been the
craziest year in crypto so far large
altcoins going to zero crypto companies
going bankrupt and nine figure hacks are
just a few of the headlines many of us
would love to forget the unprecedented
series of events we've seen over the
last few months alone has almost
everyone wondering what 2023 has in
store and whether it will be bullish or
bearish for the crypto market so today
I'm going to give you my top 10
cryptocurrency predictions for 2023
explain why they're likely to occur and
tell you exactly how they could affect
the crypto Market this is a video you
cannot miss
okay let's get straight into it my first
crypto prediction for 2023 is that the
crypto Market will start to recover now
to be clear I'm not saying the crypto
bull market will come back however I am
quite confident that the worst of the
crypto bear Market will be behind us by
the end of next year if you watched our
recent video on when the crypto bear
Market could end and how low it could go
you'll know that the bottom will likely
come sometime in the first quarter of
next year but the bottom for BTC could
be 10K or slightly lower and that most
altcoins could therefore Fall by another
60 to 80 percent
the main reason why the crypto bear
Market could bottom in the first quarter
next year is because this is when the
Federal Reserve is expected to stop
raising interest rates now it's
important to note that stopping is not
the same as lowering but it will likely
be enough to prevent crypto from
crashing further
the main reason why the bottom for BTC
could be 10K or slightly lower is
because the stock market has yet to find
its bottom and the crypto Market is
highly correlated to the stock market
the stock market is expected to drop by
another 20 to 30 percent which would
translate to a forty to sixty percent
drop in btc's price now it's important
to stress that BTC could flash crash
lower than 10K
I suspect this would be due to a
crypto-specific factor such as a Bitcoin
mining ban due to energy shortages Mount
gox creditors selling the BTC they'll
start receiving in January and of course
a deadly combination of liquidations and
low liquidity if recent events didn't
make it clear enough it is absolutely
imperative that you keep any crypto
you're not actively trading on your own
personal crypto wallet as we approach
the true bear Market lows you can check
out my deals page using the link in the
description to get discounts on the best
ones
my second crypto prediction for 2023 is
that the Securities and Exchange
Commission or SEC will crack down on
another big crypto project or company
knowing how horrible this year has been
I wouldn't be surprised if it happened
between the time I shoot this video and
the time you see it let's hope not
in any case another Crackdown seems
extremely likely so long as Gary Gensler
continues to be the chairman of the SEC
Gary's term won't expire until 2026 so
there's lots of time for him to do
damage this assumes that he won't be
expelled from the SEC for his close
encounters with Sam bankman freed more
about that in the description moving on
now if you've been keeping up with our
SEC updates you'll know that the
criteria the regulator has been using to
crack down on cryptocurrency haven't
been entirely clear these opaque
criteria can be summed up as a
subjective interpretation of the fourth
part of the Howie test to recap the
Howie test is used to assess whether an
asset is a security such as a stock in a
company that requires additional
regulation from the SEC the fourth part
of the Harry test is the most relevant
to crypto can you identify a third party
that is creating an expectation of
profit for a coin or token the harsh
reality is that the answer is yes for
most cryptocurrencies including some of
the largest altcoins I dare not name any
names but it's somewhat irrelevant
because Gary has made it clear that no
cryptocurrency is safe besides BTC he's
even targeted stable coins which makes
no sense
now what this means is that every
cryptocurrency besides BTC is a
potential Target because almost every
single crypto exchange and platform
offers cryptocurrencies other than BTC
this logically means that they are all
potential targets too so a first quarter
Crackdown could be a catalyst for crypto
lows now my third crypto prediction for
2023 is that there will be lots of
crypto regulations now most of these
regulations will probably be very good
but a few will probably be very bad also
it's very likely that crypto regulations
will vary from region to region despite
attempts to create Global crypto rules
if you watched our video about the
European Union's markets in crypto
assets or Mica you'll know that the
finalized regulations will be released
sometime early next year although they
won't be coming into Force for another
one to two years after that they will
give institutional investors regulatory
Clarity for crypto in case you missed
the memo the absence of regulatory
Clarity is the primary reason why
institutions have been hesitant to
invest in crypto especially altcoins the
establishment of regulatory Clarity in
the EU and elsewhere could therefore
result in lots of inflows and contribute
to a q1 recovery for crypto more
importantly crypto regulations will
effectively Force crypto projects to
decentralize
this is because the only way to avoid
many of these regulations will be to be
decentralized from top to bottom you can
find out what that means by checking out
our video using the link in the
description anyways I'll reiterate that
some of these crypto regulations are
likely to be very bad
the worst regulations are likely to be
in relation to things like payments defy
and privacy possibly even self-custody
that's because all of these niches are a
threat to the traditional Financial
system the thing is that the crypto
industry is likely to significantly grow
thanks to good regulations with some
luck this increase in adoption and
capital will make it possible for the
crypto industry to Lobby to remove the
bad regulations
consider that powerful individuals and
institutions want privacy the most my
fourth crypto prediction for 2023 is
that defy will go mainstream this will
be due to a combination of better front
ends regulatory Clarity increasing
liquidity proof of resiliency from some
D5 protocols which will increase trust
in defy and a decline in Trust of
centralized entities in the crypto
industry the caveat is that bad crypto
regulations could slow the adoption of
D5 so far however it looks like defy has
been left out of most crypto regulations
so long as the protocols are truly
decentralized thankfully most of the
largest D5 Protocols are in fact truly
decentralized notably those on ethereum
most of the largest D5 protocols on
ethereum have also been tested by
institutions in permissioned
environments namely Ave this is very
interesting because Defy is technically
a direct competitor to the traditional
Financial system as it makes it possible
to trade borrow lend and Save
call me crazy but I think the
institutional adoption of Defy is
inevitable this is because many
institutions have acknowledged that the
Advent of new technologies such as
blockchain means there will be a race to
the bottom in terms of transaction fees
and settlement times I'll never forget
what SCC chairman Gary Gensler said in
his cryptocurrency course which you can
find here on YouTube the goal of
entities in the traditional Financial
system is to extract rents charge fees
wherever they can this begs the question
of what they will do now that this model
is falling apart well the answer is that
they will start buying smart contract
cryptocurrencies with proof of stake
consensus mechanisms to ensure they
maintain control of these new payment
networks and continue to extract rents
this hasn't happened yet but could start
soon now that asset managers are getting
involved food for thought my fifth
crypto prediction for 2023 relates to
the third and that's the crypto payments
will become more common this will again
be due to a combination of better front
ends regulatory Clarity increasing
liquidity and most importantly an
increase in scalability that finally
makes crypto payments feasible
this prediction comes from a series of
headlines I saw over the summer about
ethereum founder vitalik buteran saying
how layer twos on ethereum will power
crypto payments this makes sense given
that ethereum is the most secure base
layer to have for a payment system
besides Bitcoin moreover developers will
be implementing ethereum Improvement
proposal or EIP number 4844 sometime
next summer
for those unfamiliar eip-4844 will
increase the scalability of layer 2s on
ethereum by between 10 and 100x
given that most layer 2's already
process thousands of TPS such an
increase will put them on a par with
Visa if that didn't make it clear enough
it's very likely that layer twos on
ethereum will be Ground Zero for crypto
payments once eip-4844 is implemented
now this doesn't mean that other smart
contract cryptocurrencies won't play a
role but it's more than likely they'll
have to find their own niches the catch
is that an increase in crypto payments
could lead to more regulatory scrutiny
my greatest fear is that Regulators will
eventually require you to complete kyc
if you want to use stable coins on a
smart contract cryptocurrency like
ethereum this has been mentioned by a
few Regulators already the scariest part
about this possibility is that it would
be easy to implement since the larger
stable coins are centrally controlled
the Silver Lining is that a kyc
Crackdown on payments would drive
innovation in the decentralized
stablecoin niche and it looks like some
D5 Protocols are ahead of the curve so
to speak
my sixth crypto prediction for 2023 is
that the number of crypto holders will
increase significantly for context
crypto adoption currently stands at
around four percent of the global
population
this isn't much but the growth has been
exponential and there are many reasons
why this trend will continue next year
for starters lots of platforms have been
integrating crypto features most notable
are Facebook and Instagram which have
been testing nfts on multiple smart
contract cryptocurrencies even Starbucks
has been working on nft loyalty and
member programs on polygon not only that
but free speech focused social media
platforms like Telegram and Signal have
been integrating crypto features with
toncoin and mobile coin respectively
all these companies have billions of
users combined even just a small
percentage of crypto adoption by their
users would be significant now if you
watched our video about dap Radar's
report on GameFly and metaverse niches
you'll know that there are three reasons
why people adopt crypto because of
speculation AKA profit because of
necessity and just for fun obviously
there isn't going to be too much
speculative adoption in 2023
this leaves out of necessity and just
for fun
well most of the crypto adoption next
year is likely to be driven by just for
fun factors such as those I just
mentioned there could be a surge in
necessity related crypto adoption this
is simply because many countries are on
the brink of collapse due to economic
social and or political issues we've
already seen a few of them fall such as
Sri Lanka when Financial systems fail
cash and crypto will be the only options
especially as foreign currencies fall
against the US dollar
if we're being honest though given the
state of modern society crypto adoption
will probably take off because of a
viral Tick-Tock video so let's just hope
it's one of mine
now my seventh crypto prediction for
2023 ties into the fifth and that's that
at least one additional country will
adopt BTC as legal tender Tonga is at
the top of the list here since the
island nation announced that it will be
making BTC legal tender sometime in 2023
and begin mining BTC with volcanoes now
if you watched our video about the
countries that are most likely to adopt
crypto you'll know that the predications
for this are a lack of financial
infrastructure a Reliance on remittance
payments and the use of a foreign
currency whose monetary policy cannot be
controlled such as the US dollar
these reasons are essentially why El
Salvador adopted BTC as legal tender in
September last year it's also why some
Latin American countries are the most
likely to follow suit it's even why the
Central African Republic adopted BTC as
legal tender earlier this year it uses
the Central African CFA Franc look it up
now to clarify adopting BTC as legal
tender doesn't mean that the countries
in question will ditch their National
currencies it's more than likely they'll
continue to use their National
currencies alongside BTC assuming there
isn't a total collapse of the financial
system that is it's also possible that
some countries will adopt cryptocurrency
alongside a new Central Bank digital
currency or cbdc now this seems unlikely
given that the two digital currencies
are diametrically opposed but it's
something that has been hinted at in
various reports including one from
Harvard more about that in the
description
anyhow if my first prediction about the
crypto Market beginning to recover by
the end of next year is correct then
it's quite likely we will see another
country adopt BTC as legal tender this
is just because they will see along with
everyone who's been paying attention
that another crypto cycle is starting
my eighth crypto prediction for 2023
ties into the previous two and that's
the big tech companies will continue to
announce crypto Integrations like the
countries that could adopt BTC big Tech
Giants are ultimately adopting crypto
because they're losing money and are
trying to find ways to plug the hole
some of you may recall that Tech giants
like apple and Amazon were hiring for
crypto related positions over the last
couple of years or so
now we've yet to see any meaningful
crypto developments from them or the
other big tech companies with similar
job openings but those could all come
sometime next year
Twitter is at the top of the list here
because owner Elon Musk has made it
clear that he intends to integrate
crypto features on the platform
right now he seems to be in the process
of balancing free speech and censorship
in the face of government scrutiny
however the crypto aspects could come in
2023 regardless it's clear that this is
the direction that big Tech is moving
the aforementioned crypto adoption by
Facebook Instagram and others will
almost certainly Inspire the rest of big
Tech to do the same on that note it's
possible that big Tech adoption of
crypto could be related to the metaverse
this is because literally nobody is a
fan of the centralized metaverses that
big tech companies like meta have
created they know that they're nothing
more than a means of extracting even
more data that will be sold to
advertisers and shared with governments
that are obsessed with surveillance and
censorship this is why I think meta and
others will eventually understand that
the only way they can make money on this
new technology is to integrate with
decentralized Alternatives that already
exist
big text role will likely involve
providing hardware and access points
that enhance user experience
my ninth crypto prediction for 2023 is
that the wolves on Wall Street will
acquire at least one blue chip crypto
company this prediction is highly likely
to come true given that Goldman Sachs
and others are interested in buying up a
few subsidiaries of FTX that remain
solvent it's not just FTX either there
are lots of other crypto exchanges and
platforms that have gone bankrupt over
the last year Celsius blockfi and
Voyager digital are easy examples and
it's possible if not likely that some of
their business assets will be acquired
by a Trad fire institution looking to
offer crypto Services there's even
speculation that coinbase could be
acquired by a mega Bank like JP Morgan
as Masari CEO Ryan selkis pointed out
this is unlikely to happen given
coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong's
controlling shares in the company but
it's still within the Realms of
possibility this is because the
potential collapse of troubled crypto
companies in the United States like
digital currency group grayscale and
Genesis trading could have knock-on
effects for coinbase
coinbase is also involved with usdc
issue a circle which posted a
surprisingly small profit in Q3 this
year as a cherry on top both coinbase
and circle are in the crosshairs of the
SEC
regulatory action against one or both
companies could cause coinbase's stock
to collapse even further than it already
has if coinbase stock goes low enough
there's a scenario wherein a takeover of
some kind could occur after all coinbase
is the largest cryptocurrency Exchange
in the US and the big banks on Wall
Street have been watching billions of
dollars flow from their accounts onto
the exchange over the last two years
they've also seen how much money
coinbase can make and probably also how
much data it can gather my 10th crypto
prediction for 2023 is that BTC will
start being used for international trade
it's possible that some countries such
as Iran are using BTC for this already
Iran has not yet confirmed whether it's
using BTC however there are other
countries that have signaled their
interest naturally most of the countries
that are interested in using BTC for
international trade are those that have
faced sanctions or scrutiny from the
United States and its allies
this list was once restricted to a few
Rogue actors but it's quickly expanding
as we enter a so-called multi-polar
world at one pole we have the United
States and its allies and at the other
pole we have the brics Brazil Russia
India China and South Africa plus their
allies as some of you might have seen
the bricks are reportedly working on
their own Reserve currency which will be
a combination of their existing
currencies now this sounds intimidating
on paper but in practice the tensions
between some brics members are high and
there are likely to be disputes about
What proportion of which currencies will
back their Reserve currency it's also
possible that other significant
countries like Saudi Arabia will join
the mix speaking of which Saudi Arabia
looks like it will be legalizing
cryptocurrency sometime next year Hong
Kong will also be easing crypto
restrictions and Russia appears to be
working on crypto legislation
this apparent crypto adoption by the
bricks could see them add BTC to their
Reserve currency basket now considering
the track records of some of these
countries you might be inclined to say
that's a bad thing well to that I say
remember that some of the first people
to adopt BTC weren't all that appetizing
either
once it becomes clear that BTC is a
viable option naughty Nations won't be
the only ones adopting it however when
that Tipping Point occurs we'll see what
Fidelity has called bitcoin's quote very
high stakes Game Theory wherein
countries will rapidly adopt BTC at that
point I predict that countries will
start mining BTC to ensure the Bitcoin
blockchain remains credibly neutral but
that folks is a prediction for another
year
[Music]