it's fair to say that overall 2022 has
been a bad year for cryptocurrency but
there are still some crypto projects
that have done well it's the end of the
year we're going to look back on those
winners and celebrate them across a few
different categories things like D5 nfts
technology best ecosystem and we'll talk
about why these projects could stand to
do even better in 2023. here are the
best six crypto projects of the year
[Music]
we're starting at number one with a look
at best Partnerships and that goes to
polygon AKA Matic and really it's hard
to think of a lot of good that happened
with the terrible year in 2022 that we
had in the crypto industry across really
the entire crypto Market but good things
are still happening if you know where to
look and you can get beyond the FTX
bubble polygon is a great example that's
why they've won our best Partnerships
category and honestly this one's not
even close more huge names from web 2
and Legacy Industries are partnering
with polygon to access web 3 benefits
than any other crypto project take a
look at this video if you've not already
it was published recently but we're
talking about huge names like Instagram
Starbucks Nike Reddit Warner Music and
others and no one like literally no one
is bringing more web 3 access to more
people than polygon these are the types
of moves you want to see projects making
if you're already invested in them or if
you want to invest more in them so kudos
to Matic on to video number two in just
a moment just want to First remind you
of what you already know this video and
what I'm saying does not represent
official Financial or investment advice
we're looking next at best technology of
the year and when it comes to Tech the
truth is that the best is often
subjective as soon as we move away from
official stats like transactions per
second or maybe speed to finality so
this in some cases boils down to
personal choice but as far as our choice
for the best tech of 2022 it is no doubt
ethereum now we have two main reasons
why first of all they are still crushing
and dominating both defy and nfts
although polygon and Solana are gaining
in nfts and BNB smart chain and arbitrum
are gaining in defy but there is no
question that ethereum is still the
Undisputed leader in both of these
important categories and secondly the
merge I once heard someone describe the
complexity of the merge by saying it's
kind of like trying to repair a plane
while you're still flying it and it was
a pretty great analogy because eth had
to maintain its fully functioning pow
that's proof of work system for all the
apps that run on it while testing
implementing and really completing the
merge all of this happening
simultaneously it's a huge technical
achievement no matter what you think of
ethereum and it was great for once to
get some good news out of a crypto
project in the headlines instead of
another centralized project implosion
and by all accounts the merch was very
successful you may or may not agree what
do you think was the biggest positive
story of the year if not the merge maybe
something else let us know in the
comments below the best ecosystem is our
best category and it's hard to say
enough good things about Cosmos here
which is the winner for the best crypto
ecosystem of the year we had a couple of
other excellent candidates doing great
things as well like polygon polka dot
Avalanche for example but really Cosmos
is hitting on all cylinders right now
first of all its first big test this
year was a surprise for almost everyone
when Luna and UST imploded and the
actual Luna blockchain during this high
stress period performed beautifully
because it did exactly what it was
supposed to and the chain only halted
when terralabs themselves halted the
chain intentionally and for most of us
that was the first time any Cosmos chain
saw some serious scrutiny to see if
their SDK and tenderman systems could
withstand large-scale activity and it
passed with flying colors so it's no
surprise that former Terra protocol and
former eth protocols like kujira and
dydx decided it was time to make the
switch to running their own chain and
doing it of course on Cosmos Plus in
addition their apps and Protocols are
more seamless with others in their
ecosystem than anywhere else all around
it is just a pleasure to use best nfts
non-fungible tokens casual viewer of the
nft market may not know how big Solana
is getting into nfts but Solana's
biggest blue chip collection is D gods
and they're our winner for the best nft
of the year the current floor price is
352 Saul or a little over five thousand
dollars although its highest floor price
was 585 saw in August the floor
rebounded from a November low of 218 by
a little over 50 percent to its current
352 and really in a year where
everything is down the floor for this
great collection went on a steady
increase from February to August and
then like I mentioned a 50 rebound off
its low that is better performance than
almost any other investment or asset in
crypto right now and so at least partly
for its strength and resilience D Gods
is our Top Choice if they are not your
favorite nft collection let us know what
is in the comments below next up we're
looking at best defy and I don't think
any D5 platform had a better year than
our winner which is GMX because in a
year where on average almost all
projects are down 70 80 maybe more GMX
really did defy the odds the GMX token
is up 83 in the last 12 months and
represents a decentralized exchange for
spot and perpetuals trading in other
words for those of you looking to trade
these markets somewhere other than
binance you now have a defy option right
here it keeps these lows by working only
in arbitrum and Avalanche and they also
have an attractive index that you can
buy called the glp index that holds
eight coins in total these include
Bitcoin ethereum chain link uni Swap and
four stable coins including dye and frax
and this is a great way to use a D5
platform to get broad Market coverage
along with trading they also have two
coins in their ecosystem and both earn a
piece of trading fees as well governance
coin GMX gets 30 of the fees and you can
stake for 13 while the liquidity coin
glp earns 70 percent of the fees and you
can state that for 19 to 21 here their
analytics page can show us just how much
important trading stats like volume open
interest and fees how much these grew in
the last year and this growth should
continue at least in our estimation you
can buy the GMX token on binance mexc
global or uni Swap all right and finally
just as a bit of a rotten banana entry
here we're looking at SPF and FTX and
really sadly between fbx between three
arrows capital and Luna the reality is
that we had a lot of choices this year
for this particular category but FTX
looks to be the biggest and worst of the
year's disasters and blunders the only
consolation is that at least SPF has
been arrested while Zoo
are unfortunately at least at the time
of this recording they're still walking
around as free individuals more evidence
is coming to light that FTX and Alameda
research were frauds from the very
beginning and were selling Bitcoin they
didn't even have while also co-mingling
funds and Performing other illegal acts
but as with any other crisis in
cryptocurrency we can take away lessons
from this mess
first of all
self-custody and this is vital even if
it's not a hardware wallet yet if you
have a wallet that you control the
assets are real and they are yours
lesson number two the blockchain never
lies and some great on-chain analysis is
ultimately what helped people see what
FTX was doing and it kept it from
getting worse by reporting it to the
public centralized project scammers can
scam people but they can't scam the
blockchain it's always there as a
transparent Ledger of activity and you
should learn how to read block explorers
to track this activity at least in a
simple way to you so you can spot things
that don't belong there and finally
lesson number three the asset of Last
Resort is Bitcoin what do we mean by
this exactly well it means that when
every scammer caches out their
coins for something it is Bitcoin every
single time it's not eth not Ada not
whatever your favorite project is it is
Bitcoin because even scammers know
Bitcoin is the highest quality asset in
crypto don't forget that and make sure
that you hold at least some BTC
unfortunately we have all been affected
whether directly or indirectly by the
FTX disaster and that's even if we never
had accounts on FTX even if we never
held an ftt token the good news is that
we're going to move forward there are
all these bright spots in the crypto
industry that we've covered they're
going to get even brighter in 2023 and
Beyond we're going to make sure that we
remember these lessons going forward so
happy New Year members of the altcoin
buzz Army wishing you all the best be
safe out there and we'll see each other
again in 2023