there is no denying that 2022 has been
one of the most insane Years yet for the
crypto markets we started the year with
Bitcoin at 46
213 ethereum at
3676 Solana at 170 and Luna at 85 while
of course we are now at four different
prices that is just a fraction of what
has changed so many crazy events have
occurred this year that it can be
difficult to even remember them all so
today I wanted to do something a little
bit different and give you all a recap
of what we have gone through this year
and remember if you are still around
after everything that has taken place
this year and are still researching and
preparing for the next bull market then
you will be the ones who succeed when it
eventually comes before I get started
make sure to subscribe and activate the
Bell icon so you do not miss out on
everything else I post here on the
channel we started the year down around
33 from the previous all-time high that
had been start in November that drop
alone was enough to have some people
worrying about what the year ahead might
hold and as the month progressed more
worrying signs revealed themselves the
first CPI data point of the Year
revealed a 39-year high for inflation in
the U.S this along with the beginnings
of a recovery from covid began to set
the stage for the FED to start raising
rates back up from effectively zero
January also brought us the rumors of
the White House executive order to
analyze crypto as a national security
risk which of course was not very
helpful February began with the Wormhole
Bridge hack of around
326 million dollars at the time this was
one of the largest crypto hacks ever and
although jump crypto stepped in to
replace the stolen funds for users this
set the stage for 2022 to become the
largest year yet for crypto hacks at
this point crypto companies still had
money left over from the bull run which
is why several of them paid out Millions
for Super Bowl ad spots this is of
course included the now Infamous FTX ad
which featured numerous celebrities and
athletes all back in the platform as the
top choice for investing in crypto March
brought us the first rate increases of
the year which was actually their first
since December of 2018. the increase was
only 0.25 but this was also when the FED
announced that they foresaw another six
rate increases ahead of them in spite of
that prediction Bitcoin Rose 4.7 that
day coming in at the end of March we had
a ronin Bridge hack which Remains the
largest to date with
624 million US Dollars stolen what made
this hack even more crazy is that it
took almost a week for people to notice
it had actually taken place the hack
took place on the 23rd but was not
discovered until the 29th when a user
was enabled to withdraw 5000 ethereum
while many coins all-time highs felt
like Distant Memories by April a notable
exception was Luna which hit a new and
final high of almost 120 dollars on
April the 5th April also continued the
trend of large hacks with the Beanstalk
protocol being exploited for a loss of
181 million dollars April was also
notable for bitcoin's down only price
action where it fell another nearly 20
percent May began rather calmly even as
the FED raised rates another 0.5 percent
but then Luna crashed and brought the
rest of the crypto markets down with it
in one week Luna fell over 99.99
UST depacked over 95 Bitcoin fell 36
percent over 300 billion dollars of the
total crypto Market capitals lost and
Bloomberg declared that the crypto
winter had a arrived as bad as this week
was we of course now know that this was
just the beginning of the contagion that
we have been experiencing for the rest
of the year we began to feel the effects
of that contagion as soon as the next
month when Celsius froze withdrawals due
to extreme market conditions while the
community organized short squeezed it
temporarily pump Celsius that Celsius
token several hundred percent the token
ended the month down almost 60 percent
from where it started June was also the
month that the three arrows Capital
hedge fund fell into liquidation and the
two Founders went on the run after
tweeting that they were fully committed
to working this out the FED also
continued to become more aggressive as
the increased rates by 0.75 for the
third rate increase of the Year Voyager
became another victim of the crypto
contagion as they filed for bankruptcy
in early July after three hours Capital
failed to make payments on their loans
of 650 million dollars the first charge
charges of insider trading in the crypto
markets was also announced in July
against the former coinbase employee
Tesla sold around 75 percent of their
Bitcoin Holdings and at the end of the
month the FED raised rates another 0.75
percent however Bitcoin did break its
three months streak of losses with a 17
increase in July those gains were
immediately given back in August in
spite of it being relatively calm in
comparison to the rest of the year The
Nomad Bridge was hacked for 190 million
dollars and the U.S sanctioned the
tornado cash mixing service but at least
there was a break from fomc meetings
this month September began with a focus
on ethereum leading up into the historic
merge and transition to proof of stake
and while the upgrade went smoothly it
turned out to be a zeld and news event
as ethereum dropped 25 in the week
following the merge the FED contributed
to that drop with a third straight point
75 percent rate increase as they tried
to fight the worst inflation in the past
40 years the crypto Market making firm
winter mute also was hacked for 162
million dollars due to the use of a
compromised vanity address generator the
hacks continued into October which was
actually the worst month for hacks out
of the worst overall year early on the
BNB Bridge was attacked for 586 million
dollars although a lot of those funds
were not able to be bridged to other
chains before the BNB chain was
temporarily halted less than a week
later the mango markets protocol on
Solana was the victim of a highly
profitable trading strategy in which
prices were manipulated for a loss of
115 million dollars October was the
fourth and final green month for the
year with modest gains of 5 for Bitcoin
November began with another 0.75 rate
increase but everyone was hoping that by
now the contagion was over and we could
perhaps enjoy the holidays season
however FTX and Alameda had other things
in mind as they finally lost control in
November and everything came crashing
down around them Bitcoin dropped 23 in
two days Solana fell over 60 as the news
broke ftt crashed over 90 and pretty
much every coin felt the pain alongside
them as crypto investors fled the
markets looking for safety exchanges saw
massive withdrawals and stable coins saw
huge redemptions as investors of all
sizes look to exchange the crypto for
Fiat crypto companies also continued to
feel the pain as Genesis trading Gemini
earned and others holded withdrawals
from their services December brought us
the final rate increase of the year
which was a step down at 0.5 percent
however it also brought us more
questions about which platforms are
still struggling behind the scenes such
as if Genesis and digital currency group
will be able to find a solution to the
liquidity struggles we did get to see a
bit of Justice being served as SPF was
finally arrested and extradited to the
U.S just this past week The Man Behind
the mango markets exploit in October was
also arrested and charged with Market
manipulation and fraud now as we end the
year with Bitcoin down around 64 and
most other coins in a similar War
situation we can begin looking forward
to what 2023 has in store for us knowing
that if we made it through the year we
can make it through anything that the
crypto markets throws at us another
topic I want to cover is all rocks the
sponsor of today's video oryx is a
crypto native company with a variety of
innovative products and services but the
one I specifically want to tell you all
about today is the oryx wallet if you do
anything on chain from trading on the
access to yield farming to collecting
nfts and everything else in between then
you know how much the wallet you use
affects the entire experience oryx saw
was missing from the current wallets
available and created their wallet to
provide everything we need as investors
and more to start off with it is more
secure thanks to features such as
transaction simulations know what will
happen before you click submit and view
if a smart contract is white listed as
secure outside of security there are
numerous other useful and exciting
features being integrated such as
gasless token swaps access to airdrops
and nft whitelists portfolio insights
and an exclusive membership reward
system what makes these features even
more impressive is that oryx has
combined them all into an interface that
is still intuitive and easy to handle
for users of all experience levels the
number of users for this wallet will be
limited in its first phase and those
first users will gain a variety of
benefits including monthly giveaways
access to conference events and parties
and more if you want to give the aurox
wallet a try then you could do so right
now through the link in description