hi guys welcome back to my channel tony
here so after i show you guys my
portfolio with you the other day many of
you wanted to know how i'm selling
option to generate extra income so in
this video i'll show you how i'm doing
it specifically what are the options
strategies that i'm using what are my
money profits i'll also give you a live
demo of how i do it and explain my
entire thought process but before i
start i would greatly appreciate it if
you can have to tap the like button in
return i'll show you a square that has
stopped looking alright let's start
right now okay here's a super important
disclaimer just in case you haven't
realized it yet no i'm not an options
guru and obviously i'm still learning
how to do it as i go along so you
absolutely definitely 100 shouldn't
blindly follow me yeah because option is
super harry stuff there are plenty of
options guru out there and i'm
definitely not one of them so with that
being said let's continue on for most
people when they hear about options they
think of wall street best where they buy
all of the money options and pre-pray
that it will go to the moon or they lose
everything we don't do that here if you
want to do that you might as well go to
singapore pools and just buy a 4d
instead in options there are tons and
tons of better strategies that you can
use but for me i prefer to use cache
output and covered core okay if you're
blabler what are these two strategies
let me try to explain these are the
options for tesla so right now tesla is
at 905 dollars all these options were
expired on april 22. on the left are all
the call options and on the right put
options so for cash output what i can do
is sell put option and maybe 890 strike
price the premium for this option is 53
dollars and 20 cents but because one
option contract equals 100 stocks when i
sell this option i'll receive
520 immediately sounds a lot hard that's
like already a higher pay than a normal
nus flash drive after that two things
can happen first scenario by april 22 if
tesla stays above 890
great this option will aspire worthless
why because if you think about it a pro
option gives the right to the options
buyer to sell the stock at the strike
price so let's say the stock is at 1k
now no one will want to use the option
to sell the stock at 890
in this case the option will be
worthless or second scenario by april 22
if tesla goes below 890 dollars in that
case the option buyer will confirm
bloodshot exercise the poor option to
sell tesla at 890
and who they sell it to
it's a me can't win i have to buy 100
tesla stock at 890
so now you can see what's the risk of
doing cash carpool sure i get to earn
that 5 000
which sounds a lot but if tesla drops to
890
then i'm forced to buy 100 stocks at 890
and i will end up having a ton of
unrealized loss so that's cash cow put
next covered call let's say if i sell a
call at 925
i'll receive 4.7 k immediately then two
things can happen
first by april 22nd if tesla stays above
925 dollars
great this option respire worthless
why because a core option lets you buy
the stock at the threat price so if
tesla stays below 925 dollars no one
will use the option to buy the stock at
925 right
in that case the option will expire
worthless but by april 22nd if tesla
goes above 925
i will have to sell 100 tesla stock at
925 even if it goes up to 2k 3k i'll
still have to sell at 925
and miss out on a ton of gains
so that's coward call and cash cow poo
if you are new to options it will take
you a while to digest it so no worries
yeah but as i assume you totally
understand what i just said because now
i'll show you my portfolios
so i have two portfolios my long-term
portfolio and my real portfolio as most
of you guys know i have about 218 tesla
stocks in my long-term portfolio but
also help my family to manage their
portfolio so in total i have about 310
tesla stocks in my account so because of
that i can sell three covered costs but
wait that's not all since i've margin
available i'm also selling four cash
outputs on margin i enter all my options
trades in a spreadsheet for every trade
i enter what's the strategy strike price
expiry date how much money i receive and
how much i have to pay to close the
trade and it will also calculate all my
profits if you want a copy of this
spreadsheet i'll leave a link in the
description below yeah anyway back to
tesla my strategy for tesla is to sell
puts and costs at a very very far strike
distance toward getting exercise as much
as possible i typically sell at 30 price
distance so that means tesla was to drop
by 30 percent or go up by 30 percent
within a few weeks before i'm in danger
it certainly happens but if you look at
this chart it can still happen like here
it pump up by 70
here 44
recently it dropped by 30 percent so
it's not completely risk-free yeah as i
said i was doing weekly options but i
find it too troublesome because i have
to log in close the option then sell
only option every single week and nobody
got time for that so now i change to
selling options with four weeks to
expiry this is my money profits and if i
take the average of the last few months
it's around 3k plus most of the months
were positive but there were two months
that gave negative returns let me
explain at the start i was still new to
options so when i saw the stock going up
i panicked and immediately buy better
option at a loss and because of that i
lost a like three thousand dollars but
after a while i discovered something
called options rolling basically instead
of buying back the clothes and lose
money just like that what i can do is
buy buy the clothes at the loss then
sell an earning option at the later
expiry date to cover the loss here you
can see happening i saw a core option
strike price 980 that's buyers on 12
november but at the time tesla suddenly
went past 980 and reached 1.2 k all i
did was to close this option take a loss
at 4.5 k then sell another new option
extract 1010
and receive 4.5 k to cover the loss this
option will expire on 26 november but on
26 november the stock was still above 10
000 and 10
so how i closed the option again and
this time my loss went up to 11.8 000
then i set another new option extract
1090
and received 17k to cover the loss
luckily after that tesla went back down
and i was able to close the option at
the profit in total i did not lose any
money which is good but the downside is
i did not make money during this period
here you can see another rule happened i
sell a 780 put and 880 put but either
close at the loss because tesla was
going down
then i wrote the options to a 590 put
and 760 put which covered the loss so
that's my optional strategy on tesla for
all my other stocks like square rk rg
and apple i'm only selling one option
each so that's why i'm only earning a
few hundred dollars for each of the
stock but unlike tesla i'm okay to let
go of these stocks so instead of a super
duper far 30 stroke distance i'm only
selling at a 0.2 to 0.3 delta with 4
ways to expiry for example for square
with a 0.2 delta i will earn about 285
dollars but if square suddenly shows up
20 in price within one month i will have
to sell my square stock or for rk with a
0.3 dollar i will earn about 100
but if rk goes up 10 in one month i will
have to sell which is totally all right
for me because i intend to let go of
these innovative stocks and move my
money to better stocks like microsoft
amazon apple so that's my long-term
portfolio next i have a real portfolio
the purpose of this portfolio is just to
generate income through options and not
to hold long term my first stop is tesla
where i have 100 tesla stocks the main
difference with this tesla and the long
term portfolio tesla is for the
long-term tesla i'm selling options at a
30 price distance and i usually earn a
few hundred dollars per option every
month but for this new tesla i'm selling
around 0.2
because of that i can earn around 1 to
2k every month so that's nice however
the downside is that if tesla suddenly
goes to the moon i will lose out on
potential profits but i'm okay if that
happens i'll just turn around and start
selling cash cow puts instead that's why
this portfolio is called real portfolio
i'll switch between cover core and cash
cover pool like a wheel is this strategy
worth it
eh i'm still not sure i will update you
guys a few months down the road yeah for
my second stock i have 200 new stocks
fun fact actually i don't want to own
new at all but because the stock kept
going down and down i suddenly become a
product shareholder of the company and
is now forced to sell covered costs for
new i'm able to generate about 100 to
200 every month by selling options at
0.3 delta with 4 weeks to expiry so
those are my options portfolio there's
no fixed day where log in to sell
options sometimes it can be friday other
times it can be tuesday
just simular but the important thing is
i never let my options expire here's why
first option price can fluctuate even
after the market closes whenever a
company announces any news it's usually
when markets are closed so even if it
looks like the option may end up going
out of the money there's still a tiny
chance that a news can cause the option
to go back in the money so it's
definitely a bad idea to try to earn the
extra 10
but in return risking having to buy 100
stocks yeah second options decay over
the weekend remember their options decay
every day so that includes weekend when
markets are closed that's why i close
latest by friday so that i can extract
two more days worth of premium over the
weekend and best of all option price do
not move when markets are closed so
that's nice but once the option has very
little value left i'll buy back and sell
a new option because i will earn more
money let's say i sell a tesla call with
4 weeks to expiry i receive 400
but in the second week the option
premium has dropped to 100
now i've already earned 200
i can even wait for three more weeks
just to earn the additional 100. or i
can close the option realize my 200
profit then immediately sell a new core
option to earn another 400
which is much better okay enough talking
let me just demo to you how i sell
options so i'm using ibkr to sell
options because it's much cheaper here
this was on a wednesday when everything
was super duper green when i log in i'll
first look for options that have very
little value left in this case i saw
that tesla 650 put had 12 dollars left
and 670 put had 19 left i'll just roll
the 650 put first because there's not
much value left to do that i'll go to
more then tap on auction exercise and
roll over then which option i want to
roll to for the new option i'll choose
29 days to expiry tesla price for the
day was at 835 dollars so i'll sell at
the 30 price distance which is about 584
dollars i'll just run it out to 590
strike and i'll receive about 355 by
starting this option if you want to time
the market you can enter your limit
price but i prefer to quickly sell and
go to sleep because it's already 11 pm
so i'll change it to market order then
submit my order after that i did the
same thing for 670 pool but this time i
wanted to choose an option that's priced
37 days later because i could get a
higher premium there's no 590 put so i
chose the 600 strike instead and
similarly i just do a market order just
so that i can sleep earlier once i'm
done i go back to check all my other
options this tesla car had 59 left but i
didn't close it because there's one more
week left and i wanted to see how things
go and as it turns out tesla jumped to
900 500 the next few days and the option
price went up to 300
so that's why you should close the
option whenever possible but let's see
how it goes yeah if it continues to go
up i will just roll the option no issues
there so anyway that was a quick
overview of how i sell options to
generate an income as you can see it's
definitely not with free money as the
saying goes i'm just picking pennies in
front of a steamroller i might miss out
on games or even worse lose a ton of
money anyway that's all for today if you
have any questions just let me know down
in the comments below yeah
like share and subscribe as i'll be
posting new videos every monday
wednesday and friday