2022 has been about as deep of a hellish
disaster in crypto and really all
markets as anyone could have ever
predicted in their wildest most
masochistic Barry Euphoria fantasies
Perma bears like Michael burry from The
Big Short couldn't have even dreamed of
this level of Destruction however there
is good news by understanding exactly
what happened in 2022 and anticipating
what might happen in 2023 I believe just
like bear markets of the past there can
be some absolutely historic generational
once-in-a-lifetime opportunities that we
set our sights on so today Begins the
first of a two-part Series where we dive
into the absolute craziness that was
2022 internalize those Lessons Learned
and set our sights squarely on where the
value centers and biggest opportunities
might be for 2023. if you're still here
if you're still active in crypto I
believe that you've already endured some
of the worst pain and can start looking
forward to some absolutely amazing
opportunities and that you're probably
well suited to deal with what's left of
this bear Market as we look forward to
the future so cheers to all of you who
have made it through the worst year in
markets in decades the first chapter in
the worst bear Market that probably any
of us will endure in our lifetimes and
for that I salute you go ahead drop a
like on this video and let's dive in
despite the digital gold narrative
Bitcoin sunk like a lead balloon as soon
as quantitative tightening was kicked
off by the fed and while most altcoins
did not fare better than Bitcoin the
total market cap of crypto sank from a
peak of 3 trillion to under 900 billion
the number two cryptocurrency ethereum
fared almost equally to bitcoin as you
can see it finished off the year almost
equivalent to where it started in the
ethereum versus bitcoin price currently
sitting at about 0.072 taking Just One
Look at the year-to-date filter on the
top cryptocurrencies and you can see
that almost everything has been a bitter
bloodbath with Bitcoin down almost 65
percent ethereum 67 and big red numbers
across the top 20. in fact there's only
two cryptocurrencies in the top 100 that
have even managed to clock any gains
whatsoever special shout out here to GMX
which is up 104 year-to-date and
trustwallet token which is up 85 percent
GMX effectively allows you to go long
and short and to do derivatives trading
completely decentralized without putting
your coins on exchanges now in the wake
of several centralized players
completely failing and locking out their
customers who are now looking at
complete losses on the coins they had on
those exchanges of course trading with
full self-custody is becoming an
increasingly popular narrative and this
is one of the biggest lessons of 2022
that we haven't spoken about since the
early days of crypto the timeline of
events here is really intense as you can
see we had a wormhole hack the SEC
finding block fi the Ronin hack terra's
collapse cftc suing Gemini SEC
investigating binance Celsius freezing
withdrawals coinbase cutting staff
Horizon Bridge hack three arrows files
for bankruptcy Voyager digital files for
bankruptcy Celsius files for bankruptcy
microstrategy sailor drop CEO rule U.S
sanctions tornado Cash Alameda co-ceo
resigns wintermute hack kraken's power
drop CEO role SEC investigates Yuga Labs
binance saying it will sell FTX native
token ftt FTX filing for bankruptcy
block five filing for bankruptcy and SPF
arrested in the Bahamas it's been a
whirlwind of almost non-stop negative
news but one of the things that I want
to point out that is most important of
almost anything in this entire year is
correlations between tech stocks or
really all risk assets in crypto itself
you see during the Bull Run of 2020 and
2021 it wasn't entirely clear whether
crypto was sparking an entirely new wave
of Revolution through defy and nfts or
whether it was behaving exactly as it
should as one of the riskiest asset
classes in the most risk-on environment
in the history of the modern economy
understanding this relationship between
crypto and risk assets or really crypto
in the macro economy as a whole is one
of the most important takeaways from
this year and if you don't learn this
lesson you simply will fail to to
understand how crypto will perform in
the future there's no question that
crypto currently is and will continue to
behave as the ultimate Bastion for risk
on upside and downside on top of that
there were two critical lessons that
2022 taught us first is that fixed rate
yield is totally unsustainable in a bear
market and with bear markets built into
the fabric of crypto anything promising
a fixed rate of yield should be treated
with insane Extreme Caution I will
caveat that it is possible for people to
provide cash on cash yield sort of in
the range of what the US government is
providing meaning that U.S treasuries
are currently yielding about five
percent annual rate of return on your
cash so if you put in a hundred thousand
dollars you'll be earning five thousand
dollars for buying treasury notes now
that's the US government literally
printing money to pay back those debts
anything above that five percent
represents risk and depending on how far
above that five percent you go the risk
becomes more and more extreme this was
made abundantly clear during the Luna
collapse where several major player
years including Pantera hashed jump
trading Galaxy three arrows Capital
huddle knot coinbase and finance all got
hit hard by the collapse of UST
UST got so big and was functioning so
well and was so trusted doing the bull
run that it surprised everyone when it
completely fell apart in the bear market
now of course hindsight's 2020 it's easy
to look back and say hey that shouldn't
have worked but when something's been
working rain or shine for over a year it
tends to lull you into a false sense of
complacency so going forward anything
that promises you fixed rate yield and
crypto should be treated exactly as it
is a very very hot potato that you do
not want to allocate too many funds to
because inevitably the rubber will hit
the road that yield will start to fall
apart and you might not be holding what
you think you're holding now many
believe that the collapse of Terra put
so much pressure on the ecosystem
through Force liquidations selling of
Bitcoin to defend the Terra Peg and
other things like that that it
effectively created a Cascade of issues
across the ecosystem this caused
bankruptcies across the board from three
arrows Capital to block Phi to Celsius
and eventually FTX now to be honest
there are so many people who have
covered FTX given how angry I was about
the FTX situation and the fact that I
also got duped by the FTX branding I
didn't want to pursue FTX videos which
were going completely viral to actually
bolster my channel and get more clicks
there were so many people covering it I
didn't feel like that was really
enriching my audience to constantly try
to drive so many clicks out of that
event that was just my choice but let's
be honest at this point everyone knows
what happened FTX stole customer funds
they leveraged themselves to the
eyeballs on the ftt token and when the
ftt token Came Crashing Down so did the
entire FTX Empire like a house of cards
but the lesson here is really clear
crypto and decentralized Technology were
not built to empower single centralized
entities or businesses they were
designed to empower exchange CEOs as the
next billionaire class of innovative
entrepreneurs no the point of this
technology was self-sovereignty true
ownership and never ever being able to
be separated from your funds beyond the
obvious lessons of always trying to
remain in control of your funds we must
pay attention to critical learnings we
must also focus on what the market has
chosen as a result of this no amount of
exchange failures change the technology
of Bitcoin of ethereum learning to
manage your own Keys is critical but
there is a new class of decentralized
applications that are starting to get
popular due to the fact that they don't
require you to turn over your keys I
believe if we're able to see a bottom in
2023 and a reversal of the market Trend
that the applications that are truly
decentralized that never have a point
where you're separated from your keys
and allow for all kinds of financial
services those are the ones that will
and should proliferate in the future but
even in the wake of the most punishing
Unthinkable collapse of an Empire in the
modern crypto era FTX we didn't see much
downside momentum on price and on the
scale of 1 to 10 of bad news the FTX
collapse was about 100 million so why
wasn't there a brutal sell-off in
Bitcoin why wasn't there a brutal
sell-off in ethereum well the answer is
quite simple actually crypto in the wake
of the FED changing its policies has
shown itself to be just a single asset
class within the larger spectrum of
macro risk assets understanding that
nothing changed dramatically around the
FED policies as a result of FTX helps
you understand that really what's been
driving price this entire time has been
the FED has been the macro this is one
of the most liberating and important
realizations for crypto as cryptos never
endured a macro bear Market in the
history of its existence however this
learning if internalized properly if
understood and acted upon properly will
lead to massive gains in the future even
gold is down and gold supposed to be the
ultimate inflation recessionary times
hedge 2022 has been horrific with the
collapse of many crypto Empires the
Revelation that fixed yield just simply
cannot be sustained in crypto the
non-stop barrage of negative news of
fear-mongering and overall destruction
of the perception of crypto as the
emerging and disruptive asset class that
it is but remember bear markets are
designed to get you to sell just as bull
markets are designed to get you to buy
and while selling early on in the bear
Market was absolutely the right play
understanding when the market has truly
hit its bottom and a new cycle is
beginning is the absolute key to
crushing it not just over the next year
but over the next decade plus I believe
firmly that once this Market reaches its
bottom whether it's in 2023 or 2024 the
people who begin allocating to the
market around this time will be an
incredibly powerful position and at
those prices will absolutely never be
Revisited so for those of you who are
still here who are still fighting the
good fight and I know there are tons of
you because my videos are getting about
one-third to half the amount of views
and traction as they were in the bull
market which means most of you are still
here and if you are still here please
comment in the comment section below
what's keeping you here what are you
most excited about have you sold your
portfolio are you still holding it now
I've shared transparently throughout
2018 I got absolutely crushed I got
destroyed I held on to everything until
it was worth dust and all I wished was
that I had a little bit of dry cap
Capital left to buy the bottom when it
was so clearly in at the end of 2018 or
throughout 2019. I believe history is
repeating itself not in the exact same
way but it sure is heck Rhymes I believe
that things will get worse before they
get better because in the end the entire
Market is riding on the back of the FED
economic policies understanding this is
equal parts frightening as it is
liberating and insightful governments
love to print money they will print
money in the future and that means there
will be more money in the world than
there ever has been before on the next
cycle that means naturally asset prices
are programmed to go higher eventually
we'll be pointing this General
reflection into very specific examples
on the next video as we break down what
we are looking forward to in 2023 every
single learning of 2022 makes us better
stronger and more capable of investing
in 2023. I know for me personally my
team has produced more technology and
shipped more product this year in the
absolute worst possible climate than
ever before and that's super exciting
exciting my biggest bets have always
been on building important things for
this ecosystem I'm excited to continue
to share those with you and to show you
what real conviction is all about it's
one thing to throw some money at the
market but to dedicate your entire life
to investing Building Technology making
content and generally eating sleeping
and breathing in this industry 24 7 I
believe is the ultimate sign of
conviction just like bear markets of the
past things are really not that exciting
right now which is all the more reason
that each and every person who takes the
time and effort to actually understand
what's going on is doing more than 99 of
people will anyone wants to pay
attention when things are going 100x
overnight of course of course they do
it's really hard to pay attention when
things have no perceived benefit for
months or potentially years and for that
reason we'll be doing the difficult work
for this community throughout the bear
market and if you enjoy that please
smash that like button make sure to
follow me on Twitter and I'll see you
very soon on part two of the 2022 recap
where we look to the future of what 2023
might hold
foreign
[Music]